# Hear My Thoughts

## A project helping deaf people

### Idea

The main idea of the project is to provide server and client solutions for translating speech into text.

The project can be used in lectures where the teacher wants to help the deaf students in the room to easily understand hi. It can be done by sharing a single lecture room in which other participants can join and receive instant translation of what he is speaking.

There can be added different features to the project like saving notes and audio files, sharing information between participants etc.

### Solutions

The solutions consist of two parts:

 * Client - this will be an android app written in Java and using Android Studio
 * Server - I want instant translation to be delivered accross different devices. In this case I will use NodeJS as a server solution with websockets.

### Project at [Trello](https://trello.com/b/s3AkDRfd/hear-my-thoughts)
 
#### Android

##### Features
1. Speech to text recognition - the app will use Google's speech to text recognition API which is provided with the OS. The implementation is abstract and replaceable. 
    1. Service implementation - TBD 
2. Login - Google Plus
3. Chat
4. Share materials - using markdown view
5. View recent sessions - local database storage (TBD) 
6. View user profiles in the current session - TBD 
7. Screens -
	1. [UML diagrams](./docs/Diagrams)
    2. [Mockups](./docs/Mockups)
    3. [Screenshots at current stage](./docs/Screenshots)

##### [Technical specs](./docs/Tech/ANDROID.md)

    

#### NodeJS
TBD

 
 

